what if instead of the animal thing, I investigate the claim "an apple a day keeps the doctor away"
I have data of global vegetable consumption by country, as well as other stats from a site called "our world in data"

I wonder if I can construct a semi-accurate model of how well fruit/vegetable intake predicts health.
(I have several measures of "keeping the doctor away"). 
	-life expectancy
	-DALY = 1 year taken away from healthy living per 100,000 residents, which I can convert to 'per capita' with mathmatical magic and the total populations
	over time for all countries. 
	-mental health can be another predictor of keeping the doctor away: happiness across countries studies, suicide, mental illness. 

Here's my plan:

select 3 countries from each populated continent. 
BUT I want to include, the US and China for sure.
I'm using a random country generator by continent from https://www.gigacalculator.com/randomizers/random-country-generator.php 

NORTH AMERICA
3 countries 

Central America


1. measure fruit consumption (per capita) by country against:
	life expectancy
	disease prevalence
	DALY score
	mental health
	happiness
2. vegetable consumption against 
	life expectancy
	disease prevalence
	DALY score
	mental health
	happiness
3. find some combination of the above data

4. maybe find what other variables predict health/happiness of a country
	proportion of females to males born to several different countries of the world
	females in management
	median wage against GDP 
	
5. How much of a countries happiness/health does vegetable/fruit consumption explain?

Data sets I have per country over time:
proportion of women in senior and middle management 
depression vs self reported life satisfaction
gdp vs happiness 
sex ratio at birth
share population female
vegetable consumption per capita
average per capita fruit intake vs minimum requirements
fruit consumption by fruit type
fruit consumption per capita
dalys rate from all causes
life expectancy
population density. 

ALL of these data sets come from 
https://ourworldindata.org/ 
in the 
'articles by topic' tab by the search bar at the top. 

I like this idea because the data is clean, I have more of it, which allows me more flexibility,
and I am more confident in the accuracy of this data, since Our World in Data seems
much more reputable to me then the data on mammals that I found on Kaggle. 

Things I anticipate having difficulty with/that I need to learn how to do:
learn how to combine data sets
OR make graphs from different data sets

interpret the data that I do have and that I can generate so that I don't make bad assumptions







